docs/Authentication.md, before:

# API Extension Endpoints Authentication

All the endpoints in the plugin are protected by Bearer authentication to ensure the requests are coming from a valid source.

The headerValue used at the time of creation of API extensions are used as a token for Bearer authentication and is validated against the value stored in the PAYMENT_GATEWAY_EXTENSION_HEADER_VALUE of .env file. If the headerValue is not available at the time of validation or if the headerValue does't match the value stored in the PAYMENT_GATEWAY_EXTENSION_HEADER_VALUE of .env file, the requests are rejected with `401` error code. The headerValue will be in encrypted form of Base 64 encode value of the pair username:password of your choice or Commercetools credentials. See [Commercetools Setup](Commercetools-Setup.md) for more details.

  `{baseUrl}`, `{baseUrl}/orders`, `{baseUrl}/decisionSync`, `{baseUrl}/sync` and `{baseUrl}/configurePlugin` endpoints of the plugin asks for username and password from a client on accessing. On submitting username and password, the authentication information is passed to the plugin in an Authorization header.

Commit message:

V23 3 0 sanity defect fixes (#210)
* authReverse and address line2 defect fixes

* Add Customer address saving during checkout

* Address review changes

* Unit test defect fixes

* Added configuration changes

* Updated unit test cases

* Updated documentation

* Credit Card defect fix

* Updated documentation

docs/Authentication.md, after:

# API Extension Endpoints Authentication

All the endpoints in the extension are protected by Bearer or Basic authentication to ensure the requests are coming from a valid source.

The headerValue used at the time of creation of API extensions are used as a token for Bearer or Basic authentication and is validated against the value stored in the `PAYMENT_GATEWAY_EXTENSION_HEADER_VALUE` of .env file. If the headerValue is not available at the time of validation or if the headerValue does't match the value stored in the `PAYMENT_GATEWAY_EXTENSION_HEADER_VALUE` of .env file, the requests are rejected with `401` error code. The headerValue will be in encrypted form of Base 64 encode value of the pair username:password of your choice or Commercetools credentials. See [Commercetools Setup](Commercetools-Setup.md) for more details.

  `{baseUrl}`, `{baseUrl}/orders`, `{baseUrl}/decisionSync`, `{baseUrl}/sync` and `{baseUrl}/configurePlugin` endpoints of the extension asks for username and password from a client on accessing. On submitting username and password, the authentication information is passed to the extension in an Authorization header.

> **_NOTE:_** `{baseUrl}/generateHeader` will return header value which will be used to authenticate `{baseUrl}/captureContext` endpoint for Unified Checkout.

## Whitelisting Extension Endpoints

  The extension provides a feature of whitelisting the endpoints to bypass the authentication on accessing the endpoints. In order to use this feature, the `PAYMENT_GATEWAY_WHITELIST_URLS` should be populated with a csv(comma seperated value) of endpoints that required to be whitelisted.
