docs/Creating-a-Payment.md, before:

# Creating a Payment


To create a payment, you must first decide which payment method you would like to use:



| Payment Method                    | Explanation                                                                                                       |
| --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| creditCard                        | Processes credit cards without any 3DS checks.                                                                    |
| visaCheckout                      | Processes payments using information from Visa Checkout                                                           |
| creditCardWithPayerAuthentication | Processes credit cards with 3DS checks. This requires some extra values on Payment Create which are listed below. |


When creating a payment, the following fields are validated


| Field                                                 | Validation                                  | When                                                                    |
| ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| payment.paymentMethodInfo.method                      | Must be an acceptable value as listed above | Always                                                                  |
| payment.transactions                                  | Must be empty                               | Always                                                                  |
| payment.amountPlanned                                 | Must not be a negative value                | payment.paymentMethodInfo.method == 'creditCardWithPayerAuthentication' |
| payment.custom.cs\_token                              | Must exist                                  | payment.paymentMethodInfo.method == 'creditCardWithPayerAuthentication' |
| payment.custom.cs\_payerAuthenticationAcceptHeader    | Must exist                                  | payment.paymentMethodInfo.method == 'creditCardWithPayerAuthentication' |
| payment.custom.cs\_payerAuthenticationUserAgentHeader | Must exist                                  | payment.paymentMethodInfo.method == 'creditCardWithPayerAuthentication' |


Once a payment has been created, you can continue on to the Authorization steps.

Commit message:

NodeJS project initial release (#33)
* NodeJS project initial commit

* Payer Authentication bundle call

* Added docs

* Unit test case with latest fixes

* Latest code with visa Click to Pay defect and TypeError fix

* New feature rate limiter and discounts

* 3ds Dm scenario updated

Co-authored-by: sh20094173 <shwetha.v08@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: jbransvisa <55891199+jbransvisa@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Shakshi Poddar (Americas 2 - iDEAS-Cloud Transformation) <sh20202930@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: Sandra <sandra.m07@wipro.com>

docs/Creating-a-Payment.md, after:

# Creating a Payment

To create a payment, you must first decide which payment method you would like to use:

| Payment Method                    | Explanation                                                                                                          |
| --------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| creditCard                        | Processes credit cards without any 3DS checks.                                                                       |
| visaCheckout                      | Processes payments using information from Visa Click to Pay                                                          |
| creditCardWithPayerAuthentication | Processes credit cards with 3DS checks. This requires some extra values on Payment Create which are listed below.    |
| googlePay                         | Processes the payment using payment network tokenization to make Web payments and mobile payments on Android devices |
| applePay                          | Processes the payment using payment network tokenization to make Web payments and mobile payments on Apple devices   |

When creating a payment, the following fields are validated

| Field                                      | Validation                                  | When   |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------- | ------ |
| payment.paymentMethodInfo.method           | Must be an acceptable value as listed above | Always |
| payment.paymentMethodInfo.name             | Must be an acceptable value as listed above | Always |
| payment.paymentMethodInfo.paymentInterface | Cybersource                                 | Always |
| payment.transactions                       | Must be empty                               | Always |
| payment.amountPlanned                      | Must not be a negative value                | Always |
| payment.custom.isv_token                   | Must exist                                  | Always |
| payment.custom.isv_acceptHeader            | Must exist                                  | payment.paymentMethodInfo.method == creditCardWithPayerAuthentication |
| payment.custom.isv_userAgentHeader         | Must exist                                  | payment.paymentMethodInfo.method == creditCardWithPayerAuthentication |

Once a payment has been created, you can continue on to the Authorization steps.
