docs/Process-a-Payment-eCheck.md, before:

# Process a Payment (eCheck)

## eCheck Processing Sequence Diagram

![eCheck Processing flow](./images/Flow-diagram-eCheck.svg)

Make sure the checkout page is setup to collect all the required information from customer as mentioned in [eCheck Setup](./eCheck-Setup.md)
## Details

1.  Create / prepare your cart

    a. Ensure your cart locale is set
    
    b. Ensure the cart billing and shipping addresses are set. Phone number is a mandatory field in address for eCheck transaction 
    

2. Enter the account number, account type and routing number

3.  Create a Commercetools payment
    (https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/payments) and
    populate the following

    | Property                              | Value                               | Required  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
    | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | customer                              | Reference to Commercetools customer | See notes | Required for non-guest checkout. If using MyPayments API this will automatically be set to the logged in customer. One of customer or anonymousId must be populated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
    | anonymousId                           | Id for tracking guest checkout      | See notes | Required for guest checkout. If using MyPayments API this will automatically be set. One of customer or anonymousId must be populated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
    | paymentMethodInfo.paymentInterface    | cybersource                         | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
    | paymentMethodInfo.method              | eCheck                              | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
    | custom.type.key                       | isv_payment_data                    | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
    | custom.fields.isv_accountNumber       | Customer account number             | Yes       | Encoded account number for customer's bank account (Max length is 17)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
    | custom.fields.isv_accountType         | Customer account type               | Yes       | Possible customer account type (Possible values are mentioned in [eCheck Setup](./eCheck-Setup.md))                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
    | custom.fields.isv_routingNumber       | Customer routing number             | Yes       | Also named as transit number(Max 9 digits)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
    | amountPlanned                         | Amount to be processed              | Yes       | Should match cart gross total, unless split payments are being used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
    | custom.fields.isv_deviceFingerprintId | Customer device fingerprint id      | Yes       | It must be unique for each merchant Id. You can use any string that you are already generating, such as an order number or web session Id. However, do not use the same uppercase and lowercase letters to indicate different session Ids. Replace sessionId with the unique Id generated in the URL given. Include the script "https://h.online-metrix.net/fp/tags.js?org_id={{org Id}}&session_id={{merchant Id}}{{session Id}}". Replace the below data {{org Id}} - To obtain this value, contact your CyberSource representative and specify to them whether it is for testing or production. {{merchant Id}} - Your unique CyberSource merchant Id. {{session Id}} - Value of unique Id generated above |
    | custom.fields.isv_customerIpAddress   | Customer IP address                 | Yes       | Populated from client-side libraries                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

4.  Add the payment to the cart

5.  Add a transaction to the payment

    | Property | Value                  | Notes                                 |
    | -------- | ---------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
    | type     | Charge                 |                                       |
    | state    | Initial                |                                       |
    | amount   | Amount to be processed | Should match amountPlanned on payment |

6.  Verify the payment state and convey the payment result to the customer

    a. If the transaction was successful the transaction state is updated to **Success**, display the order confirmation page

    b. If the state of the transaction is updated to **Pending** which is due to Fraud Check, display the order confirmation page

    c. If the state of the transaction is updated to **Failure**, display the error page and See [Overview\#Errorhandling](Overview.md#error-handling) for handling errors or failures

Commit message:

23.2.0 (#46)
* 123 multi mid functionality configuration (#148)

* Multi Mid functionality

* multi-mid functionality and partial capture

* multi-mid functionality & partial capture

* multi-mid functionality & partial capture

* multi-mid configuration & partial capture

* Updated for AuthReversal with master branch

* Decision Sync msg added

* Resolved duplicate constants

---------

Co-authored-by: Shwetha V <shwetha.v08@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: rajasuma1 <raja.suma@wipro.com>

* Bug fixes for cart locale and multiple shipping (#149)

* Bug fixes for cart locale and multiple shipping

* review changes added

* Updated unit test cases and solution for unit test timeout issue (#150)

Co-authored-by: Shakshi Poddar <sh20202930@wipro.com>

* Added security code for saved card and defect fix (#159)

* DM Reject after Auth for sale defect fixed

* Reverted Auth Reverse changes from master

* Added changes for DM Reject After Auth for Sale (#162)

* Update README.md - Network Compatibility

Network Compatibility note

---------

Co-authored-by: SA20184625 <85941120+SA20184625@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Shwetha V <shwetha.v08@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: rajasuma1 <raja.suma@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: ShakshiPoddar <85929351+ShakshiPoddar@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Shakshi Poddar <sh20202930@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: Sandra <sandra.m07@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: Wompa <wompalabs@gmail.com>

docs/Process-a-Payment-eCheck.md, after:

# Process a Payment (eCheck)

## eCheck Processing Sequence Diagram

![eCheck Processing flow](./images/Flow-diagram-eCheck.svg)

Make sure the checkout page is setup to collect all the required information from customer as mentioned in [eCheck Setup](./eCheck-Setup.md)
## Details

1.  Create / prepare your cart

    a. Ensure your cart locale is set
    
    b. Ensure the cart billing and shipping addresses are set. Phone number is a mandatory field in address for eCheck transaction 

    > **_NOTE:_** : If the cart has multiple shipping methods, the  shipping address of the first available shipping method applied to the cart will be used to process the payment
    

2. Enter the account number, account type and routing number

3.  Create a Commercetools payment
    (https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/payments) and
    populate the following

    | Property                              | Value                               | Required  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
    | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | customer                              | Reference to Commercetools customer | See notes | Required for non-guest checkout. If using MyPayments API this will automatically be set to the logged in customer. One of customer or anonymousId must be populated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
    | anonymousId                           | Id for tracking guest checkout      | See notes | Required for guest checkout. If using MyPayments API this will automatically be set. One of customer or anonymousId must be populated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
    | paymentMethodInfo.paymentInterface    | cybersource                         | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
    | paymentMethodInfo.method              | eCheck                              | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
    | custom.type.key                       | isv_payment_data                    | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
    | custom.fields.isv_accountNumber       | Customer account number             | Yes       | Encoded account number for customer's bank account (Max length is 17)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
    | custom.fields.isv_accountType         | Customer account type               | Yes       | Possible customer account type (Possible values are mentioned in [eCheck Setup](./eCheck-Setup.md))                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
    | custom.fields.isv_routingNumber       | Customer routing number             | Yes       | Also named as transit number(Max 9 digits)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
    | amountPlanned                         | Amount to be processed              | Yes       | Should match cart gross total, unless split payments are being used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
    | custom.fields.isv_deviceFingerprintId | Customer device fingerprint id      | Yes       | It must be unique for each merchant Id. You can use any string that you are already generating, such as an order number or web session Id. However, do not use the same uppercase and lowercase letters to indicate different session Ids. Replace sessionId with the unique Id generated in the URL given. Include the script "https://h.online-metrix.net/fp/tags.js?org_id={{org Id}}&session_id={{merchant Id}}{{session Id}}". Replace the below data {{org Id}} - To obtain this value, contact your CyberSource representative and specify to them whether it is for testing or production. {{merchant Id}} - Your unique CyberSource merchant Id. {{session Id}} - Value of unique Id generated above |
    | custom.fields.isv_customerIpAddress   | Customer IP address                 | Yes       | Populated from client-side libraries                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
    | custom.fields.isv_merchantId   | Merchant Id used for the transaction                 | No       | Required when you want to support Multi-Mid functionality. Populate this field with the value of Merchant Id in which the transaction should happen. When this field is empty, default mid configuration will be considered for the transaction. The same mid will be used for the follow-on transactions.                                                                                         |

4.  Add the payment to the cart

5.  Add a transaction to the payment

    | Property | Value                  | Notes                                 |
    | -------- | ---------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
    | type     | Charge                 |                                       |
    | state    | Initial                |                                       |
    | amount   | Amount to be processed | Should match amountPlanned on payment |

6.  Verify the payment state and convey the payment result to the customer

    a. If the transaction was successful the transaction state is updated to **Success**, display the order confirmation page

    b. If the state of the transaction is updated to **Pending** which is due to Fraud Check, display the order confirmation page

    c. If the state of the transaction is updated to **Failure**, display the error page and See [Overview\#Errorhandling](Overview.md#error-handling) for handling errors or failures
