docs/Process-a-Payment-GooglePay.md, before:

# Process a Payment (Google Pay)

## Google Pay Processing Sequence Diagram

![Google Pay Processing flow](images/Flow-Diagram-GooglePay.svg)

## Details

1.  Create / prepare your cart

    a. Ensure your cart locale is set

2.  Create a Commercetools payment
    (https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/payments) and
    populate the following

    | Property                              | Value                               | Required  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
    | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | customer                              | Reference to Commercetools customer | See notes | Required for non-guest checkout. If using MyPayments API this will automatically be set to the logged in customer. One of customer or anonymousId must be populated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
    | anonymousId                           | Id for tracking guest checkout      | See notes | Required for guest checkout. If using MyPayments API this will automatically be set. One of customer or anonymousId must be populated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
    | paymentMethodInfo.paymentInterface    | cybersource                         | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
    | paymentMethodInfo.method              | googlePay                           | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
    | amountPlanned                         | Amount to be processed                | Yes       | Should match cart gross total, unless split payments are being used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
    | custom.type.key                    | isv_payment_data                    | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                     |
    | custom.fields.isv_token               | Google Pay payment data             | Yes       | Obtain the base64 encoded value of 'token' field from google Pay paymentData                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
    | custom.fields.isv_deviceFingerprintId | Customer device fingerprint Id      | Yes       | Refer [Device Fingerprinting](./Decision-Manager.md#device-fingerprinting) to generate this value |
    | custom.fields.isv_customerIpAddress | Customer IP address | Yes | Populated from client-side libraries |
    | custom.fields.isv_saleEnabled               | false             | Yes       | Set the value to true if sale is enabled           |
    | custom.fields.isv_walletType                | Wallet type | No  |   This value is required if walletType is to be passed in authorization. Refer [Cybersource Processing a Payment](https://developer.cybersource.com/api-reference-assets/index.html#payments_payments_process-a-payment) for more information about the wallet type value to be passed. It is supported only for ApplePay, ClicktoPay and GooglePay payment methods|  
    

3.  Add the payment to the cart

4.  Add a transaction to the payment 

        If only Authorization is required, populate the following fields to the payment


    | Property | Value               | Notes                                 |
    | -------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
    | type     | Authorization       |                                       |
    | state    | Initial             |                                       |
    | amount   | Amount to be processed | Should match amountPlanned on payment |
    

        If Sale is enabled, populate the following fields to the payment


    | Property | Value               | Notes                                 |
    | -------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
    | type     | Charge              |                                       |
    | state    | Initial             |                                       |
    | amount   | Amount to be processed | Should match amountPlanned on payment |

5.  Verify the payment state and convey the payment result to the customer

    a. If the transaction was successful the transaction state is updated to **Success**, display the order confirmation page 

    b. If the state of the transaction is updated to **Pending** which is due to Fraud Check, display the order confirmation page 

    c. If the state of the transaction is updated to **Failure**, display the error page and See [Overview\#Errorhandling](Overview.md#error-handling) for handling errors or failures

Commit message:

23.2.0 (#46)
* 123 multi mid functionality configuration (#148)

* Multi Mid functionality

* multi-mid functionality and partial capture

* multi-mid functionality & partial capture

* multi-mid functionality & partial capture

* multi-mid configuration & partial capture

* Updated for AuthReversal with master branch

* Decision Sync msg added

* Resolved duplicate constants

---------

Co-authored-by: Shwetha V <shwetha.v08@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: rajasuma1 <raja.suma@wipro.com>

* Bug fixes for cart locale and multiple shipping (#149)

* Bug fixes for cart locale and multiple shipping

* review changes added

* Updated unit test cases and solution for unit test timeout issue (#150)

Co-authored-by: Shakshi Poddar <sh20202930@wipro.com>

* Added security code for saved card and defect fix (#159)

* DM Reject after Auth for sale defect fixed

* Reverted Auth Reverse changes from master

* Added changes for DM Reject After Auth for Sale (#162)

* Update README.md - Network Compatibility

Network Compatibility note

---------

Co-authored-by: SA20184625 <85941120+SA20184625@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Shwetha V <shwetha.v08@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: rajasuma1 <raja.suma@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: ShakshiPoddar <85929351+ShakshiPoddar@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Shakshi Poddar <sh20202930@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: Sandra <sandra.m07@wipro.com>
Co-authored-by: Wompa <wompalabs@gmail.com>

docs/Process-a-Payment-GooglePay.md, after:

# Process a Payment (Google Pay)

## Google Pay Processing Sequence Diagram

![Google Pay Processing flow](images/Flow-Diagram-GooglePay.svg)

## Details

1.  Create / prepare your cart

    a. Ensure your cart locale is set

    > **_NOTE:_** : If the cart has multiple shipping methods, the  shipping address of the first available shipping method applied to the cart will be used to process the payment

2.  Create a Commercetools payment
    (https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/payments) and
    populate the following

    | Property                              | Value                               | Required  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
    | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | customer                              | Reference to Commercetools customer | See notes | Required for non-guest checkout. If using MyPayments API this will automatically be set to the logged in customer. One of customer or anonymousId must be populated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
    | anonymousId                           | Id for tracking guest checkout      | See notes | Required for guest checkout. If using MyPayments API this will automatically be set. One of customer or anonymousId must be populated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
    | paymentMethodInfo.paymentInterface    | cybersource                         | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
    | paymentMethodInfo.method              | googlePay                           | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
    | amountPlanned                         | Amount to be processed                | Yes       | Should match cart gross total, unless split payments are being used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
    | custom.type.key                    | isv_payment_data                    | Yes       |                                                                                                                                                                     |
    | custom.fields.isv_token               | Google Pay payment data             | Yes       | Obtain the base64 encoded value of 'token' field from google Pay paymentData                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
    | custom.fields.isv_deviceFingerprintId | Customer device fingerprint Id      | Yes       | Refer [Device Fingerprinting](./Decision-Manager.md#device-fingerprinting) to generate this value |
    | custom.fields.isv_customerIpAddress | Customer IP address | Yes | Populated from client-side libraries |
    | custom.fields.isv_saleEnabled               | false             | Yes       | Set the value to true if sale is enabled           |
    | custom.fields.isv_walletType                | Wallet type | No  |   This value is required if walletType is to be passed in authorization. Refer [Cybersource Processing a Payment](https://developer.cybersource.com/api-reference-assets/index.html#payments_payments_process-a-payment) for more information about the wallet type value to be passed. It is supported only for ApplePay, ClicktoPay and GooglePay payment methods|
    | custom.fields.isv_merchantId   | Merchant Id used for the transaction                 | No       | Required when you want to support Multi-Mid functionality. Populate this field with the value of Merchant Id in which the transaction should happen. When this field is empty, default mid configuration will be considered for the transaction. The same mid will be used for the follow-on transactions.                                                                                         |  
    

3.  Add the payment to the cart

4.  Add a transaction to the payment 

        If only Authorization is required, populate the following fields to the payment


    | Property | Value               | Notes                                 |
    | -------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
    | type     | Authorization       |                                       |
    | state    | Initial             |                                       |
    | amount   | Amount to be processed | Should match amountPlanned on payment |
    

        If Sale is enabled, populate the following fields to the payment


    | Property | Value               | Notes                                 |
    | -------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
    | type     | Charge              |                                       |
    | state    | Initial             |                                       |
    | amount   | Amount to be processed | Should match amountPlanned on payment |

5.  Verify the payment state and convey the payment result to the customer

    a. If the transaction was successful the transaction state is updated to **Success**, display the order confirmation page 

    b. If the state of the transaction is updated to **Pending** which is due to Fraud Check, display the order confirmation page 

    c. If the state of the transaction is updated to **Failure**, display the error page and See [Overview\#Errorhandling](Overview.md#error-handling) for handling errors or failures
